come back with more let's play too busy
Delta now we're going to meet old
friends you think okay you have all
seven stars and some of the glass Nova
Nova ready yeah well I will find you one
wish marks where's in the way well I
want to control pop star okay three two
one go yeah March he's a bad guy I did
it I want to put in a plan C is so cute
for something to fighting on his face so
get over you odd he's not cute oh we
recording my perfect little plan so now
pop star is mine oh mine that's the plan
of criminals on I didn't know how can I
caused all this miss chief I want haha
uh oh hello oh ho oh ho ho ho he's Santa
marks must be secret must be suited
Santa is the secret santa those are not
a very different Candace some of that
Christmas understand if that's good
how's it going to flood d plans to sun
moon and he can't go the plaintiffs and
then pressure you can blow the story
making those the planets so you just
have to go into the glass genova they
aren't mr. autonomous women friends they
both fight you have to read the venture
well they get slide in and um mar 46 I
don't know Danny look like so yes I
never actually owned it I don't worry
buddy thank you mom i favor model
spin-offs but I've never actually um I
don't I've own I own four five six seven
HDS I don't know in six is my favorite
one and seven mine broke into under its
first game i got my gamecube first book
+ 0 from inside your building my next
does zegna my god and i also coolness of
rocket nova we'll see next text alerts
like her because of the distortion and
I'm container according with them it's
enhanced much so yeah